[high-pitched ringing]
[Touya grunts] Konoha?
I've never arrested anyone.
So I'm pretty nervous about this.
Arrested?
[Taiyou] Touya Sagami.
-Uh, you're pretty much under arrest.
-[groans]
So, I guess
you have the right to remain silent
and the right to AI council
if you want. [grunts]
Come on. What are you doing?
-[grunts]
-Settle down!
Are you even allowed to arrest someone?
Quit it, would you?
-[both grunting]
-I caught you violating Article 82.
I've never even heard of that before.
Hey, Bright! I need you.
[panting] I can see my breath.
Why is it so cold?
I don't know,
but something's definitely not right here.
-[rumbling]
-[Touya groans]
[Twelve]
Miss Mina, this is a welfare check.
Are you all right? Miss Mina?
EPISODE 2: MIST AND DARKNESS
It's so dark.
[Twelve] Miss Mina, are you hurt?
Are you all right?
[exclaims]
Ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow.
Hiroshi, are you all right?
Hello, Miss Houston?
Miss Houston, can you hear me?
[both] Houston?
-Ooh!
-Ah!
[Mina] Nasa.
Miss Nasa Houston, are you all right?
-Are you hurt?
-I remember now.
She shielded us right before the impact.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, Nasa? M-M-Miss Houston?
Oh, no. This is seriously bad.
Is she dead?
She is breathing and has a pulse.
She is alive.
Thank goodness.
Nasa? Nasa?
So, what should we do?
[Twelve]
I have been requesting instructions
from the medical cloud,
but I cannot connect.
Okay, fine then.
Contact the police or something.
Call an ambulance.
[Twelve] There is currently
no Internet to connect to.
Uh, I don't understand
what's going on around here.
But I assume
we'll be rescued soon. [chuckles]
Uh, I don't know. Maybe.
It'll be okay. Don't worry. [sighing]
OUT OF RANGE
They said this trip would be safe.
That's why I came.
What are we gonna do?
Nasa!
-[Hiroshi] It's so cold.
-Huh?
Ow, my ears.
Ship's decompressing.
We have to evacuate to a shelter.
Otherwise, we'll suffocate.
Shelter? Where is it? Where's Bright?
Where are you, Bright? Come in, Twelve.
[breathes heavily]
-[heaves]
-Don't throw up! Do not throw up on me!
-Just breathe slowly.
-[exhales slowly]
-Good. Do you feel better?
-Yeah, yeah. I'm sorry about that.
Good.
Then will you stop sitting on me already?
Okay.
But don't try to run away or anything.
There should be a shelter close by.
Which way?
If we follow the wall,
we'll get there no matter which way we go.
[Taiyou sighs] Okay.
-[grunts]
-Hey, are you all right?
Don't worry about me.
[breathes heavily]
It's the gravity. Otherwise, I'd be fine.
[Hiroshi] The pressure is dropping.
There must be a hole somewhere.
[sighs]
[gasps]
We need to get out of here
before we run out of air.
I don't think we'll lose air that quickly.
We don't know that.
[sobbing]
Miss Mina,
-I will be terminating my function.
-What?
This elevator will automatically
go down momentarily.
Please do not give up and wait for help.
But, Twelve.
Twelve!
[sighs] Um, excuse me.
Is there anyone in charge here?
Anyone?
We could really use some help here.
[both sigh]
Oh, no.
[muffled]
Help us! Is there an adult around?
-Someone please help us.
-Help!
[both sigh]
-[thud]
-[both whimper]
We're falling down.
No, it's okay.
Twelve said the elevator
would go down automatically.
So don't worry about it.
[Nasa grunting]
-[both gasp]
-[Hiroshi] Nasa's awake.
-Ow. Ow.
-[Mina] I'm so glad you're not dead.
It's not the time to die
until it says in the Seven Poem.
Hey, it's a shelter. [chuckles]
[Taiyou] How do we open it?
Down there.
Which one?
It's cold. Hurry up and open it.
Why don't you do it? You know how.
-Wrongful arrest.
-Huh?
I'm officially requesting
legal AI council.
-Huh?
-It's illegal to arrest someone
without the witness of a legal AI.
Okay, but Bright is a legal AI.
Well, then call it over here.
With no witnesses,
I'll sue you for unlawful detainment.
-Huh? Whoa.
-[air hissing]
[Taiyou] Isn't there any heat?
[Touya] Just be grateful that there's air.
Space stinks so far. I totally hate it.
Hey, can we communicate using this panel?
Doesn't work.
The shelter hasn't been finished yet.
-Are you kidding me?
-Oh, that's right.
There should be
some cold-proof things here.
-Huh?
-Ah, yes! Awesome.
[moans] Oh, it's so warm.
[gasps] W-Where's mine?
Yeah, sorry there was only one.
[shivering] For a shelter this big?
I told you. It's still under construction,
and they haven't equipped it yet.
But that violates code!
Well, the place went bankrupt once
and ownership changed,
so some things were neglected a little--
Move over!
Hey, back off! Finder's keepers.
-[Taiyou] It's an emergency.
-[Touya] Get off!
[groaning]
RESPECT OTHERS
AND BE CONSIDERATE
IN THIS TIGHT SPACE
-[Mina] Now!
-[both strain]
-[Hiroshi] It's open!
-Miss Nasa.
[grunts] Ow, ow, ow.
-So cold!
-I can't see anything.
You two stay together as much as possible,
and follow me along the wall.
There must be a shelter near by.
-[grunting]
-Hiroshi, don't hug me so tightly.
-[Mina] Idiot.
-[Nasa] This is why I hate kids.
-[Mina] I'm Sorry.
-[Hiroshi] Sorry.
Oh, don't apologize.
I don't hate them that much.
KONOHA, ARE YOU SAFE? REPLY.
MESSAGE FAILED TO SEND
-Ko-ko-ha?
-Don't look!
Oh, I see. Konoha.
Is that your girlfriend?
Don't look!
[groans]
If there's a hole somewhere
in the station wall,
does that mean we'll die?
[Touya] The station is equipped
with emergency measures to plug a hole.
YOU ARE IN THE A CYLINDER
[Taiyou] Yeah,
but it might not be working properly.
FULL MAP - A CYLINDER
And if I'm correct,
when an accident like this happens,
the station stops rotating, right?
I hope that part still works.
Are you still talking over there?
-There's a possibility it's terrorism.
-Sure, yeah.
As a member of UN2,
I can't just look away.
-[both grunt]
-Hang on.
What are you looking for now, Touya?
There's always a paper manual somewhere.
Huh? They still make those things?
My breath. I can feel the air thinning.
[Nasa] We're here.
Huh? Where?
[Nasa] There's a manual over--
-[Nasa sighs]
-[both grunting]
Nasa? Don't die yet. Don't leave me here!
I see her breath. She's still alive.
[Mina] Nasa, please tell us
where the shelter is. Miss Nasa, wake up!
It's probably this.
[Taiyou] We should stay here
and wait to be rescued.
[Touya] Wrong answer, Earthling.
We need to keep moving.
Listen to me. We need to stay put
and not do anything crazy.
It's the opposite in zombie movies.
The guy who just
waits around usually dies.
Zombies have nothing to do with this.
Besides, I hate zombie movies.
They're full of bossy people like you
that wanna lead the pack.
-You're afraid of zombies. [growls]
-Huh?
What are you talking about?
There's no such thing as zombies.
Sheesh.
At least I can still walk.
-You can't handle a little gravity.
-Huh?
You've been skipping out
on your physical therapy.
That's why you fell down before, isn't it?
Shut your dumb earth hole.
Well, I'm far better than you'll ever be,
spinning around up here in zero gravity.
-[laughs mockingly]
-You're so weak.
I bet you'll never be strong enough
to live down on Earth.
Fine. 'Cause I have no intention
of ever living on Earth.
Well, too bad.
Because the government is planning
to decrease manned missions
-starting next year.
-Huh?
The administration announced a cutback
in scientific technology funds.
Who cares?
The government is under extreme pressure
because you refuse to come down to Earth.
Are you even aware of any of this?
You're making trouble for everyone.
-But I guess that's the way you like it.
-[scoffs]
It's so wrong.
Adults living in space
who decide to have kids there,
only to leave them abandoned. [gasps]
Are you saying I should die?
Uh, no. I-I'm just saying
there are other people saying that.
-[grunting]
-Hey.
Hey, don't blame the messenger.
-[grunts]
-I can't believe I ever helped you.
There's nothing I hate more
than Earthlings.
I hope a meteor hits you, and you all die.
Tell me the truth.
You're a member of that hacking group,
John Doe, aren't you?
Huh?
Look, I know. You removed the limiter.
That gave your drone
the ability to hack the system.
And then the accident happened.
You don't understand your predicament.
I've allowed myself to indulge you,
but I can arrest you
for suspicious terrorist actions.
Are you an idiot?
Tell me why you keep disengaging
the intelligence limiter.
-None of your business, that's why.
-It is my business!
Explain yourself!
I wanna bring Lunatic online
because it's greater than Seven.
It will make Earthlings extinct.
Are you happy?
[Nasa grunts] How long was I out for?
[Mina] About ten minutes.
Ow, ow, ow, ow. Thanks for helping me.
-What are you looking at, nosy?
-[gasps] Nothing.
-[groans]
-Are these painkillers?
Yeah, but they have a habit
of making you sleepy.
[sighs]
I think we should go back to the shuttle.
They might leave us behind.
-I wonder why the rotating hasn't stopped.
-What do you mean?
When there's an accident,
something called an active break happens
and stops the station's orbit,
creating zero gravity.
If that happened,
we could just float up and out to safety.
Huh?
Hey, do you see any ONIQLO
in those boxes in the floor?
ONIQLO?
Ah, you mean suits made out of ONIQLO.
"A simple space suit made out of
the same material as the shuttle suits."
And according to the manual,
they're right here.
Well, let's find them so we can
put them on and get back to Earth.
They're cheap and made out of plastic,
so you can't go outside in them.
Then what good are they?
-[Nasa] Well, they're better than nothing.
-[Hiroshi] Found 'em!
I can't find it.
If we had ONIQLO, at least
we'd be shielded from any radiation.
Where the heck is it?
[gasps] I found oxygen!
[Smart beeping]
What have you been
wasting your time with over there?
You can't connect to the Internet.
Hmm.
-[exclaims] Don't look!
-Peer-to-peer.
You didn't tell me ONIQLO is so stylish,
and it's keeping me warm.
Ooh, it has a Smart on the glove.
Mine's a little loose.
Darn it.
If I could just live stream all this,
I'd jump up to 100 million followers
in no time.
If I could connect to Selfie,
I could at least post some footage.
Hey, wait. I'll try peer-to-peer.
Does peer-to-peer need the Internet?
Because we haven't been able
to connect for a long time.
-Tell me something I don't know.
-Huh?
Peer-to-peer connects machines
without the Internet.
If I can daisy-chain the pairing,
I should be able to go at least 200--
-Got it!
-Huh?
Oh, now I get it. You're using peer comm.
Back on Earth we use it
to connect to stuff like our drones.
Uh, wait. You're not planning to use
that illegal drone again, are you?
-I won't let you! [grunts]
-Get off of me!
I'm going to activate Bright.
And then I'll be able to deactivate
your drone once and for all.
-[Smart chimes]
-[gasps]
I win!
[groans] You're so childish.
-I got an image.
-Huh?
We are right here,
located below the hot spring hub.
[Smart chimes]
I just paired with Bright.
Bright. Fly up. Search the perimeter.
-[Touya] I see containers.
-[Taiyou] The ONIQLO. Bright found them.
We need those ONIQLO suits.
Uh-- But the air pressure out there
is about the same as the top of Mt. Fuji.
KONOHA, REPLY.
With what we're wearing now-- Touya?
A-Are you leaving? You can't.
We should wait here to be rescued.
I'm not gonna let you go by yourself.
It's so cold!
Got it. Our troubles are over, everyone.
I've connected with Selfie.
EARTH GRAVITY FLOOR
Let's see. I wonder how much air is left.
AIR PRESSURE - TEMPERATURE
Close after opening.
Oh, It's so cold.
Wow. Never worn one before.
Let's see. Put legs in
followed by arms. Makes sense.
Didn't really need to put that
in the instructions, though.
Okay. I'm almost ready.
-Dakky, come.
-Hey! Wait up.
Touya. Where the heck are you going?
Bright, come.
Why are you going down there?
None of your business, that's why.
Dakky, lights on.
[ambient music playing]
Oh. You won't get away from me, you know.
[Touya] I'm not trying to get away.
[groans]
You're going to look for that Konoha girl,
aren't you?
Hmm? What is this?
It's made of unwoven material. Disposable.
[Touya] It's a bulkhead made of cloth.
Bulkhead? But it's so light and flimsy.
[exclaims]
How were you able to open that manually?
It's easy if pressure
on both sides is the same.
Bright, come.
Stop following me.
I can't leave you alone.
You're too untrustworthy.
I'm pretty sure I heard you say earlier
that you wanted to activate Lunatic
and destroy Earthlings.
So what if I did?
You totally don't understand
how dangerous Lunatic really is.
Shut up, Earthling.
You'll never be able
to understand how I feel.
Never ever.
Hey, I have an idea.
Let's race, moon boy.
I won't lose this time.
You'll never win against an Earthling
who's been living in 1G.
While you've been skipping out
on your physical therapy.
[laughs]
[panting]
-I hope you go extinct, Earthling!
-[Dakky chirps]
Huh?
[chuckles]
What's taking him so long?
-[gasps]
-[electronic squeaking]
W-What was that sound?
I could be nice and go back. [chuckles]
Huh? [exclaims]
Yeah!
[shouts, pants]
Hey, wait!
[Touya] Look at this mess.
Those interior decorators shouldn't
be leaving their stuff here.
Wait up!
[grunts]
Stop! [grunts]
[Taiyou] Another cloth bulkhead?
-Look how puffed up it is.
-Don't touch it!
Huh?
[Touya] It's a vacuum on the other side.
Tear it and we're all done for.
Huh.
Over here. This side looks like
it's been decompressed.
KONOHA BAIKONUR NANASE
[Taiyou] No one's here.
-[electronic whistling]
-Huh?
-[gasps]
-[whistling continues]
-[alarm chiming]
Konoha! [grunting] Konoha, are you okay?
Her oxygen is super low.
What's wrong? Is she dead?
We have to take lifesaving measures
right now.
Damn. We need the password.
-[Smart taps, buzzes]
-[chiming continues]
-What are you doing?
-Trying to save her life.
-By committing another crime?
-Shut up!
If we followed laws
decided by Earthling AI,
we'd all be dead long ago.
Don't interfere!
[beeping]
Oh, no. She's stopped breathing. Password.
Damn it!
Hey, what are you doing?
Move. Sorry for this.
What's a password
that Nasa would use? Could it be
PLEASE ENTER PASSWORD
[gasps] Yes.
Cardio-- This one.
[grunts]
[inhales sharply]
She came back to life.
Konoha, please wake up.
[breathing raggedly]
[sighs]
Hmm. It was the implant.
-Then the rumors are actually true.
-Yeah.
[Touya] We have implants in our brains.
They were originally intended
to adjust our hormones.
But they can also access reflexes,
cardiopulmonary systems,
other important functions.
Out of 15 children born on the moon,
ten died before the age of three.
They discovered that the moon's
low gravity is lethal to growing children.
So implants were placed
in the remaining five of us,
with the hope that
they would keep us from that fate.
Moon child syndrome.
The implants worked on infants,
but no one knew what the effect would be
of the hormonal imbalances during puberty.
So before kids got too old,
the implant was supposed to melt
and break down into water and nitrogen.
Unfortunately, it didn't work as designed.
It was flawed.
[Taiyou] The implant didn't melt, did it?
[Touya] It started melting,
but half turned out to be defective
and was left behind.
Mine has some more time,
but hers doesn't.
[Taiyou]
You should sue the company that made it.
[Touya] The company that designed it
went bankrupt.
There's no one to sue.
[Taiyou] Is that company
[Touya] Seven Technologies.
The designer was Seven?
Yes. The implant was made when
Seven's intelligence was at its peak.
Lunatic Seven.
But its intelligence collapsed
and restarted.
It was euthanized.
So in addition to the flaw,
no one knows anything
about the design concept itself,
not humans or AI.
That's why you want Lunatic back.
-Found you!
-[both grunt]
It's me, Mina.
It's too bright.
Oh [chuckles] sorry.
[Nasa] Touya, it's me.
-[chuckles]
-[Touya] Nasa.
[Hiroshi] Nasa is still weak
and can't climb out of here.
She said to bring a wheelchair.
[inhales sharply]
Where am I? What is this place?
[chuckles]
Oh, hello again.
It's Touya and Taiyou!
Professor.
-[laughs]
-Ah, thank goodness.
[grunts] Hey, Touya. How are you?
-It's good to see you.
-Nasa, are you okay?
Yeah, I just hurt my ribs.
But how's Konoha doing?
[Mina] Is that the other kid
who was born on the moon?
[Hiroshi] Yeah, I think so.
She lived in a vertical cave city.
[Mina] Vertical cave city?
A Japanese moon city called Tateana City.
Yeah, it might just be easier
to ask her questions.
She stopped breathing?
I resuscitated her right away,
so she's okay.
Touya, please don't tell me
that you hacked the implant again?
What's the big deal?
I told you not to fiddle around with it.
Just one mistake and--
But, Nasa. He saved her life
and brought her back to life.
If he hadn't done something,
Konoha would be dead.
I know.
[Touya] I wasn't just randomly fiddling.
I use myself many times as a test subject.
I understand, but don't do it again.
Compared to the implant you have,
Konoha's is--
-Uh--
-[Touya] Just as I thought.
You and my uncle both laughed.
You told me that it was just
some urban legend.
But, Touya, there's a good reason that--
Every one of you adults.
You've been lying to us this whole time.
-[sneezes]
-[all gasp]
-[Konoha] Nasa.
-Hmm?
Did I pass out again?
Yeah, but you're all right now.
-Nasa, it's not your fault.
-Hmm?
About the implants.
-Did you hear us?
-Mm-hmm.
-Right, Touya? You tell her.
-[grunts]
Know what?
I wanna get better and go down to Earth.
Mmm.
Konoha,
I know you'll be better in no time at all.
-You can do it.
-Thank you, Taiyou.
-[growls]
-[Mina] How many more stairs?
[groans] Who asked that dumb elevator
to bring us down there in the first place?
[Hiroshi] It's for safety.
It can't fall if it's on the first floor.
Whatever.
This whole thing's been a total nightmare.
When we're saved, I'm going to sue them.
[Taiyou] All right, everyone.
Less talking and more walking.
If we get to the shuttle area, we should
be able to get on to a rescue craft.
[Mina] You know, Taiyou,
you've been awfully bossy lately.
Uh, well,
I am a commissioned member of the UN2.
I have an obligation
to help in emergencies.
-[Hiroshi] UN2?
-[Mina] UN2!
-Wait, what's UN2?
-[Taiyou] The United Nations!
[Touya] You're a member, but unofficially.
You're just part-time, bossy.
Taiyou, can I tell you something?
Sure, what is it?
I'm really sorry if Touya
has been causing you any trouble.
He may act like a total jerk,
but he's got a really good heart.
Yeah. Well, that's true.
-He does act like a total jerk.
-[chuckles] Sorry for his behavior.
Hey,
don't talk about me like I'm not here!
What's this, a balloon?
It's a balloon bulkhead.
We originally came
from the other side of this hatch.
There's air on the other side,
thanks to the automatic repairs.
What's that?
It says, "Anshin Baths."
A super-bathhouse.
That's why Anshin's called
a hot spring hub.
You can actually see the Earth
while taking a bath.
Looks like we're on the Mars floor now,
so another 100 meters.
That's about 30 floors in a high-rise.
[Hiroshi]
But gravity will decrease as we go up,
so it should be easier
than climbing back on Earth.
-[Mina] Hey, Konoha.
-[gasps]
My name is Mina.
I'm from Saitama back on Earth.
So you were born on the moon.
Same as Touya, right?
Uh, yes.
We grew up together
in a vertical cave city
on the moon's surface.
[Mina] But your personalities
are like night and day.
-[Mina laughs]
-Huh?
[Mina] So,
how many followers do you have, Konoha?
I don't do social media.
Seriously?
I didn't think kids like you existed.
I'm in shock.
Can we talk about this later?
We need to keep going.
Oh, just one more thing. Are you excited
to see your parents soon, Konoha?
-Mina.
-What is it?
-You shouldn't ask her about her parents.
-Why not?
I think Konoha's parents probably died
in the lunar accident.
-And Touya's parents too.
-[gasps]
The accident happened many years ago.
-[hatch opens]
-What happened?
[groans]
According to the Internet,
they were doing some sort of experiment
on the lunar surface.
[Taiyou] All right.
All we have to do is climb this.
-Konoha.
-[groaning]
Konoha, what's wrong?
[sighs] The snow.
It's snowing right now.
Snowing? Huh?
Up there.
Looks like there's something up there.
-Stop the wheelchair, now!
-Huh? What's wrong?
What's going on, you guys?
[Taiyou] It's snowing inside the station.
The air. They're saying
the air's getting sucked out.
[gasping]
-Get out!
-What in the world's going on up there?
-[both exclaim]
-They have to run!
We gotta go! Now!
[grunting]
-[thud]
-[all gasp]
Close it.
[straining]
[both sigh]
[sighs]
-[wind howling]
-Huh?
[shouts] What's happening?
Just follow along with what I'm doing.
First pull the handle.
Then pull out the hood and gloves.
Now zip up the zipper.
I got Nasa. Our suits are on.
[grunts] The zipper won't--
[grunts]
Damn it. It's stuck and won't close.
[breathes heavily]
It's oxygen. Can you hear me?
-Breathe the oxygen.
-[exclaims]
What is that? Something's over there.
[Touya] This isn't good.
She's hallucinating from low oxygen.
-Look out!
-[both screaming]
Hello, I'm the station's fairy,
Anshin-kun.
-It's Chief.
-Who's Chief?
-[both gasp]
-[Hiroshi] The tear is getting bigger.
-Hop!
-[upbeat music playing]
[groans]
Follow the chief
and run as fast as you can.
[panting]
[all panting]
[exclaims]
Jump in there.
-[all struggling]
-I can't--
I can't reach it.
[all screaming]
[grunting]
["Oarana" playing]